[instruments]
cue-2
There are forms they take offense to me.
cue-3
Well, there's nothing left, nothing left
to see.
cue-4
-To see.
-By and large, they have come to be
cue-5
diamonds in the sands of a sea.
cue-6
So we're sailing
cue-7
away,
cue-8
sailing away. Sailing away,
cue-9
sailing
cue-10
away.
cue-11
[instruments]
cue-12
Sideways bends the path of all,
cue-13
-with butterflies petrified in gold.
-In gold.
cue-14
With nothing real, nothing can unfold,
cue-15
when we're petrified, petrified in gold.
cue-16
So we're sailing away,
cue-17
sailing away.
cue-18
Sailing away.
cue-19
cue-20
[instruments]
cue-21
-Like buffalo running, running free.
-Running free.
cue-22
Some would say we're better off to flee.
cue-23
Others say they'd rather not compete.
cue-24
We're sailing on
cue-25
the sea will set us free. So we're
sailing
cue-26
away,
cue-27
sailing away.
cue-28
Sailing away,
cue-29
sailing away.
cue-30
[instruments]